
= binding_of_caller

== Summary

Obtain a caller's binding in MRI Ruby 1.9.3.

== Synopsis

  def f
    x = 33
    g
  end
  
  def g
    BindingOfCaller.binding_of_caller do |bind|
      eval("x", bind)
    end
  end
  
  p f  # => 33

== Description

Obtain a caller's binding in MRI Ruby 1.9.3 or higher. Support for
other Ruby platforms is a goal. This project is open to contributions
or even a complete takeover by someone else.

== Restrictions

(1) Statements cannot appear after the +binding_of_caller+ block.

  def f
    x = 33
    g
  end
  
  def g
    BindingOfCaller.binding_of_caller do |bind|
      eval("x", bind)
    end
    puts "hello"  # <-- error
  end

(2) The method using +binding_of_caller+ cannot appear inside a method
call.

  def f
    x = 33
    run(g)  # <-- error
  end
  
  def h
    x = 33
    result = g  
    run(result)  # OK
  end
  
  def g
    BindingOfCaller.binding_of_caller do |bind|
      eval("x", bind)
    end
  end

(3) The method using +binding_of_caller+ cannot be called from the last
line of a block or global scope.

  def f
    1.times do
      x = 33
      g  # <-- error: last line of block
    end
  end

  def h
    1.times do
      x = 33
      g  # <-- OK
      nil
    end
  end

  def g
    BindingOfCaller.binding_of_caller do |bind|
      eval("x", bind)
    end
  end

== Author

* James M. Lawrence < quixoticsycophant@gmail.com >

== License
  
  Copyright (c) 2011 James M. Lawrence. All rights reserved.
  
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
  obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
  (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
  including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
  publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
  and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
  subject to the following conditions:
  
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
  BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
  ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
  CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
  SOFTWARE.
